Revert image and minor edits for list-unsubscribe header (#6642)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings.md

#### Requirements

> Email senders using their own custom unsubscribe functionality must meet the following requirements to ensure the one-click unsubscribe URL that their set up is in accordance with RFC 8058:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're sending emails using your own custom unsubscribe functionality, you must meet the following requirements to make sure the one-click unsubscribe URL that you set up is in accordance with RFC 8058:
```
